this will work when at C. so there will be during the holiday periods
you know the the Christmas all the very reason we broke up to four hours
the of the Christmas around Christmas or try to do at that point
is have you know as the ship go out of business and they'll have a
ship go out or new year's and vice versa and and you submit your we
fix up the room Jeff it's usually try to else load and see who is a
lot to make sure the ship is is the war he already has enough personnel
to fill out to a good bottle of missions and then may yeah so on
you know go back and forth hello you take you years you take Christmas
or vice versa and that takes care of the Christmas holidays during
the year you'll have were you accrue thirty days leave per year
for every year that your and you can carry all the books sixty days
all the third year you carry ninety venues you're gonna start to be
use lose situation and you can't carry over for fiscal year two or more
than sixty days so use it when you got